<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.prime.com.tr/ui"
	template="../templates/ui.xhtml">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<h1 class="title ui-widget-header ui-corner-all">LightBox - Inline</h1>
		<div class="entry">
            	<p>LightBox can act like a modal dialog as well using the inline mode. Click the links below to see more information about the best player in the world.</p>    	
            	
            	<p:lightBox>
       				<h:outputLink value="#" title="PrimeFaces 1.0.0/2.0.0" >
       					<h:outputText value="Video Content"/>
       				</h:outputLink>
       				
       				<f:facet name="inline">
       					<p:media value="http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=8894784"  width="400" height="225" player="flash"/>
       				</f:facet>
       			</p:lightBox>
       			
       			<br />
            	
       			<p:lightBox width="50%" height="50%">
       				<h:outputLink value="#" title="Leo Messi" >
       					<h:outputText value="The Messiah"/>
       				</h:outputLink>
       				
       				<f:facet name="inline">
       					<h:panelGrid columns="2">
       						<h:graphicImage value="barca/messi.jpg"></h:graphicImage>
							<h:outputText style="color:#FFFFFF"
								value="Messi is an unusual player. He is highly creative, and has the skills to take on defenders with ease. He is a versatile left-footed player who can play either in the middle or on either wing, or even as a centre forward.
										Although he is quite short, he is so fast and physically strong that he can cope with larger opponents. He is incredibly powerful, and a specialist in such dead ball situations as corners, free kicks and penalties.
										Leo Messi is cool-headed and able to assume several responsibilities in times of need. He is a player who is destined to have a very successful career in football."></h:outputText>
       					</h:panelGrid>
       				</f:facet>
       			</p:lightBox>
       			
				<h3>Source</h3>
<pre name="code" class="xml">
&lt;p:lightBox&gt;
	&lt;h:outputLink value="#" title="PrimeFaces 1.0.0/2.0.0"&gt;
		&lt;h:outputText value="Video Content" /&gt;
	&lt;/h:outputLink&gt;
	
	&lt;f:facet name="inline"&gt;
		&lt;p:media value="http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=8894784"
		width="400" height="225" player="flash" /&gt;
	&lt;/f:facet&gt;
&lt;/p:lightBox&gt;
			
&lt;p:lightBox width="50%" height="50%"&gt;
	&lt;h:outputLink value="#" title="Leo Messi" &gt;
		&lt;h:outputText value="The Messiah"/&gt;
	&lt;/h:outputLink&gt;
				
	&lt;f:facet name="inline"&gt;
		&lt;h:panelGrid columns="2"&gt;
			&lt;h:graphicImage value="barca/messi.jpg"&gt;&lt;/h:graphicImage&gt;
		&lt;h:outputText style="color:#FFFFFF"
			value="Messi is an unusual player. He is highly creative, and has the skills to take on defenders with ease. He is a versatile left-footed player who can play either in the middle or on either wing, or even as a centre forward.
			Although he is quite short, he is so fast and physically strong that he can cope with larger opponents. He is incredibly powerful, and a specialist in such dead ball situations as corners, free kicks and penalties.
			Leo Messi is cool-headed and able to assume several responsibilities in times of need. He is a player who is destined to have a very successful career in football."&gt;&lt;/h:outputText&gt;
		&lt;/h:panelGrid&gt;
	&lt;/f:facet&gt;
&lt;/p:lightBox&gt;
</pre>
            </div>
    
</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
				